=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Serge::Sync::Plugin::TranslationService::zanata - L<Zanata|http://zanata.org/> synchronization plugin for L<Serge|https://serge.io/> based on L<Zanata CLI|http://docs.zanata.org/en/release/client/>

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    ts
    {
        plugin                      zanata

        data
        {
            project_config         ./files/config/project_config.xml
            user_config            ./files/config/zanata.ini
        }
    }

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Integration between Serge (Free, Open Source Solution for Continuous Localization) and Zanata (Open source web-based system for translators to translate documentation and software online using a web-browser),
implemented using the command-line client for the Zanata API (version 2).

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=over

=item I<project_config>

Zanata CLI path to the project configuration file.

=item I<user_config>

Zanata CLI user configuration, eg /home/user/.config/zanata.ini.

=item I<push_type>

Type of push to perform on the server. 'source' pushes source documents only, while 'both' (default) pushes both source and translation documents.

=item I<file_types>

File types to locate and transmit to the server when using project type 'file'.

=item I<cache_dir>

The base directory for storing zanata cache files. Default is current directory.

=item I<use_cache>

Whether to use an Entity cache when fetching documents. Default is NO.

=item I<purge_cache>

Whether to purge the cache before performing the pull operation. Default is NO.

=item I<debug>

Whether to enable debug logging. Default is NO.

=item I<errors>

Whether to output full execution error messages (stacktraces). Default is NO.

=item I<disable_ssl_cert>

Whether verification of SSL certificates should be disabled. Default is NO.

=item I<dry_run>

Dry run: don't change any data, on the server or on the filesystem. Default is NO.

=back

=head1 INSTALLATION

 cpanm Serge::Sync::Plugin::TranslationService::zanata

=head1 AUTHOR

Dragos Varovici <dvarovici.work@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2018-2020 by Dragos Varovici.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
